BY USING THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, YOU OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT ("LICENSEE") ARE 
UNCONDITIONALLY CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY AND ARE BECOMING A PARTY TO THE LICENSE 
AGREEMENT CONSISTING OF THIS PARAGRAPH AND THE FOLLOWING TERMS (THE "AGREEMENT") WITH 
RESPECT TO THE LICENSED SOFTWARE. IF A SEPARATE WRITTEN LICENSE AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO 
THIS LICENSED SOFTWARE EXISTS BETWEEN LICENSEE AND MESOSPHERE, INC. (“MESOSPHERE”), THE 
TERMS OF THAT WRITTEN LICENSE AGREEMENT (EXCLUDING THE PREPRINTED TERMS OF ANY PURCHASE 
ORDER, CONFIRMATION OR SIMILAR DOCUMENT, WHICH WILL HAVE NO EFFECT AND WILL NOT BE 
CONSIDERED AGREED TO BY MESOSPHERE) SHALL TAKE PRECEDENCE OVER THIS AGREEMENT, AND YOU 
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT LICENSEE IS BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THAT WRITTEN LICENSE AGREEMENT.  
PROVISION OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS CONDITIONED ON, AND LICENSEE'S USE OF THIS LICENSED 
SOFTWARE SHALL CONSTITUTE, LICENSEE’S ASSENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR OF SUCH 
EXISTING SEPARATE WRITTEN LICENSE AGREEMENT TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS. IF THESE 
TERMS ARE CONSIDERED AN OFFER, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO SUCH TERMS.  IF LICENSEE 
DOES NOT UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE TO THE FOREGOING, LICENSEE MAY NOT USE THE LICENSED 
SOFTWARE.  IF YOU CONTINUE WITH USE, YOU ARE REPRESENTING AND WARRANTING THAT YOU ARE 
AUTHORIZED TO BIND LICENSEE.MESOSPHERE TOOLS LICENSE TERMS
Mesosphere and Licensee agree to be bound by these Mesosphere Tools License Terms. 
 1.	Definitions.a.	 “Licensed Software” means the Mesosphere software components which are made 
available under this license as may be indicated by any notice file that may accompany the 
source or object form of the software.
2.	Grant of License.  Subject to Licensee’s compliance with all of the terms and 
conditions of the Agreement (including, without limitation, any limitations or 
restrictions set forth from time to time by Mesosphere and any applicable use 
limitations), Mesosphere grants Licensee a nontransferable, nonsublicensable, nonexclusive 
right during the Term (as defined below) to use the Licensed Software in accordance with 
Mesosphere’s applicable Documentation. 
3.	Ownership; Restrictions.  Licensee agrees and acknowledges that Mesosphere and its 
licensors are the owners of all right, title and interest in and to the Licensed Software 
— as well as any modifications, adaptations, derivative works of the Licensed Software — 
any documentation therefor (“Documentation”) and all intellectual property rights therein, 
and that Licensee shall not obtain or claim any ownership interest in the foregoing.  
Licensee hereby makes all assignments to effect the foregoing.  Licensee agrees and 
acknowledges that the Licensed Software and Documentation may contain the valuable 
proprietary information of Mesosphere and its licensors, which have been developed at 
great expense.  Licensee shall not obscure, alter or remove any patent, copyright, 
trademark or service mark, marking or legend contained on or in any Licensed Software or 
Documentation.  In addition, but except as specifically authorized in writing by 
Mesosphere, Licensee will not (and will not allow any third party to) (i) reverse engineer 
or attempt to discover any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any Licensed 
Software (except to the extent that applicable law prohibits reverse engineering 
restrictions), (ii) sell, assign, distribute, provide, lease, lend, disclose, use for 
timesharing or service bureau purposes, or otherwise use or allow others to use for the 
benefit of any third party, any Licensed Software, (iii) possess or use any Licensed 
Software, or allow the transfer, transmission, export, or re-export of any Licensed 
Software or portion thereof in violation of any export control laws or regulations 
administered by the U.S. Commerce Department, U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign 
Assets Control, or any other government agency, (iv) disclose to any third party any 
benchmarking or comparative study involving any Licensed Software, or (v) modify, adapt, 
translate or create derivative works based on any Licensed Software.  Prior to disposing 
of any media or apparatus containing any part of the Licensed Software, Licensee shall 
completely destroy any Licensed Software contained therein.  All the limitations and 
restrictions on Licensed Software in this Agreement also apply to Documentation. 
 4.	Confidentiality.  The parties agree that any Confidential Information provided in 
confidence between the parties under this Agreement shall be held and maintained in strict 
confidence.  Each party agrees to protect the confidentiality of such information in a 
manner consistent with the way a reasonable person would protect similar Confidential 
Information.  "Confidential Information" means the information and materials noticed or 
marked by Mesosphere or Licensee as confidential and proprietary, or which should 
reasonably be understood as confidential and proprietary given the nature of the 
information or materials or manner of their disclosure.  "Confidential Information" does 
not include information that (i) is already known to the receiving party at the time it is 
disclosed and has not been obtained wrongfully, (ii) becomes publicly known without fault 
of the receiving party, (iii) is independently developed by the receiving party, (iv) is 
approved for release in writing by the disclosing party, or (v) is disclosed without 
restriction by the disclosing party to a third party.  Either party may make disclosures 
pursuant to legal obligations beyond the control of the disclosing and receiving parties.
5.	Term; Termination.  Unless earlier terminated as set forth herein, this Agreement 
will continue in full force for as long as the Licensed Software is made available under 
this Agreement.  Mesosphere may change the terms under which the Licensed Software is made 
available at any time, for any reason.  Except as expressly provided herein, upon any 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, all rights, licenses, and obligations of the 
parties shall immediately cease and terminate.  The provisions of Sections 1 and 3 through 
9 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement in accordance with their 
terms.  Upon any termination, Licensee shall immediately cease all use of all Licensed 
Software and return or destroy all copies of all Licensed Software and all portions 
thereof.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the terms hereof shall survive 
any termination.  Termination is not an exclusive remedy and all other remedies will be 
available whether or not termination occurs.
6.	Feedback.  Licensee shall provide Mesosphere with feedback Mesosphere reasonably 
requests with respect to Licensee’s use of the Licensed Software (e.g., feedback related 
to usability, performance, interactivity, bug reports and test results of the Licensed 
Software) (“Feedback”), and Licensee shall be reasonably available via phone, email, and/
or instant message for the purposes of providing Feedback.  Licensee hereby grants 
Mesosphere a nonexclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty free, fully paid-up license to 
freely use and make available the Feedback for any purpose.
7.	Disclaimer.  MESOSPHERE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH 
RESPECT TO THE LICENSED SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND 
CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ARISING FROM A 
COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE, ALL OF WHICH ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. 
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, MESOSPHERE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY THAT THE 
FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE LICENSED SOFTWARE WILL MEET LICENSEE’S REQUIREMENTS OR WILL 
OPERATE IN COMBINATIONS OR IN A MANNER SELECTED FOR USE BY LICENSEE, OR THAT THE OPERATION 
OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE.
8.	Limitation of Liability.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE HEREIN OR OTHERWISE, AND 
EXCEPT FOR BODILY INJURY, NEITHER MESOSPHERE NOR ANY OF ITS LICENSORS SHALL BE LIABLE OR 
OBLIGATED WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF OR UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, 
STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR ANY AMOUNTS INCLUDING FOR: (I) ANY 
COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, TECHNOLOGY, SERVICES OR RIGHTS; (I) ANY 
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; (III) INTERRUPTION OF USE OR LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF 
DATA; OR (IV) FOR ANY MATTER BEYOND ITS REASONABLE CONTROL.  THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS NOT 
DESIGNED, MANUFACTURED, OR INTENDED FOR USE IN HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS REQUIRING FAIL-SAFE 
PERFORMANCE WHERE THE FAILURE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE COULD LEAD DIRECTLY TO DEATH, 
PERSONAL INJURY, OR SIGNIFICANT PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE (“HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES”).  
USE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IN HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES IS NOT AUTHORIZED.
  9.	Miscellaneous.  Neither this Agreement nor any rights, obligations or licenses 
granted hereunder may be assigned or delegated by either party without the prior written 
consent of the other party; provided that either party may assign this Agreement without 
such consent to a successor-in-interest in connection with a sale of substantially all of 
such party’s business relating to this Agreement.  The provisions hereof are for the 
benefit of the parties only and not for any other person or entity.  For all purposes 
hereof and in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, the parties are and 
shall remain an independent contractor and nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or 
construed to create an employment relationship between Licensee and any employee, agent or 
independent contractor of Mesosphere.  Neither party shall have any authority to, nor 
shall a party attempt to, insure any obligations on behalf of the other party or to make 
any promise, representation or contract of any nature on behalf of the other party.  Any 
notice, report, approval, authorization, agreement or consent required or permitted 
hereunder shall be in writing; notices shall be sent to the addresses set forth on the 
Cover Sheet, or to any updated address that a party may provide by written notice.  No 
failure or delay in exercising any right hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof, nor 
will any partial exercise of any right or power hereunder preclude further exercise.  If 
any provision shall be adjudged by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable 
or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary 
so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.  
This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in, and shall be construed pursuant to 
the laws of the State of California and the United States without regard to conflicts of 
laws provisions thereof, and without regard to the United Nations Convention on the 
International Sale of Goods or the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act.  This 
Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the 
parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements and 
communications relating to the subject matter hereof and any waivers or amendments shall 
be effective only if made in writing; however, any preprinted or standard terms of any 
purchase order, confirmation, or similar form, even if signed by the parties after the 
effectiveness hereof, shall have no force or effect.  The substantially prevailing party 
in any action to enforce this agreement will be entitled to recover its attorney’s fees 
and costs in connection with such action.  The Licensed Software is a "commercial item" as 
that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101.  Any use, modification, derivative, reproduction, 
release, performance, display, disclosure or distribution of the Licensed Software by any 
government entity is prohibited, except as expressly permitted by the terms hereunder.  
Additionally, any use by U.S. government entities must be in accordance with 48 C.F.R. 
12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4.  Contractor/manufacturer is 
Mesosphere, Inc. with offices at 88 Stevenson St., San Francisco, CA 94105.